Let's start with working on the quote grid component. Here I of course will also have my template and
then some script,
I also want to have a style here,
so let me add that too
and what I want to do is in the template, remember here in the app file, we do have a container where we will
nest everything in the end, so a bootstrap class container here.
So in there,
I therefore want to create a row, div with a class row,
this shall then hold my quotes. Now in here,
I will have my quote component and I will of course use v-for,
so a for loop to replicate it as often as needed
inside of that row.
Now what that also means is that I need to be able to get this array of quotes from outside,
so in the script tag here, I will export a default object and this default object here shall have some
props namely the quotes which are passed from outside so that I have access to them. With the quotes
available, I can then loop through them as soon as I have my quote component and that is then what I'll work
on next.
So I'll copy this set up here and here in my single quote component, I want to set up the panel body
script here, style
here, excuse me because I will use this class here, it's a bootstrap class and I want to modify it a
bit.
Specifically I'll change the font family to use the one I imported in the index.html file,
that's Arizona and I can do this by setting up Arizona, like this and as a fallback style, I'll
simply have cursive.
I also want to set the font size to 24 pixels
and I picked a color code which I found
okay
and of course style this to your needs.
Now that is my single quote style for the panel body,
I also will add a quote class here where I simply want to set the cursor to be a pointer and when hovering
over this, I want to change the background color to this reddish look so that we can see, we can delete it
with this.
Well that's just the styling,
let's work on the actual quote.
Well here, I actually you won't need an object, all I want to have in here is not even the row,
it's really just a class, a div of a class, col and now let's say sm-6, col-md-4 and col-lg-3
for some well different stylings and different viewports.
And then in there, I'll use the bootstrap classes panel and panel default to get this panel look basically,
so that gives it this round, these round corners and so on
and in there, I will have a div with my panel body and also my quote class.
Now in that div, I simply want to have a slot because the quote content should come from outside so
that the thing passing in the content is the thing deciding how it should look like, here
I'm only getting, creating the place where it will be rendered in the end but it should be the holder
of that content who decides how that should look like.
Now the holder of the content of course is the quote grid here, there
I already have my quotes and with the single quote component now being created, I can next loop through all
quotes to render that single quote for each loop and pass the content to it.
Now try implementing that on your own,
I'll be back with that in the next video.